hey YouTube it's ICU and today I'm going
to unbox and review the pebble
smartwatch and now not the original
plastic version the all-new pebble steel
the post-pc SmartWatch is shipped in an
incredibly high end box that simply has
the word pebble etched into the top
we'll discuss the device more in depth
in a second but for now using my knife
I'm going to cut the plastic shrink wrap
and start the unboxing process with all
the plastic removed lifting the lid
reveals pebble steel on the top and for
whatever reason mine was covered in some
sort of debris from what I'm assuming is
a felt like material lining the box
lifting pebble steel out of the box it's
immediately apparent that it's shipped
with the less attractive leather band
pre-installed now it's time to remove
the plastic protecting the display which
features corning gorilla glass for extra
durability and ruggedness pressing any
of the four buttons will power on the
watch and on its first boot the display
provides a setup URL but really the
process just consists of connecting via
bluetooth and opening the pebble app to
enable notifications and updated back to
the box the compartment on the right
features a product info sheet and a
set-up guide underneath the two is what
adds much-needed elegance to the watch a
steel band that can be swapped with the
leather one provided you have a small
enough flat-head screwdriver underneath
the band the box also houses a single
magnetic USB charging cable a power
brick isn't supplied as for the watch
band you'll likely need to adjust it by
removing a few of the links which is
tricky to say the least especially
without proper tools most will probably
opt to have a professional adjust the
band unfortunately though if you're
between link sizes the proprietary band
lacks further adjustment options on the
clasp so you'll either have to live with
an extremely tight or a somewhat loose
pebble steel as for the layout the left
of the watch features a back button and
pebbles awesome new magnetic charging
port that's much improved over the
original and actually allows for a
strong and firm connection between the
watch and the supplied USB cable on the
right the watch features three
navigation buttons and there's a black
Bluetooth antenna window surrounding the
devices perimeter pebble steel now
features easier to press tactile buttons
and as I mentioned before the buttons on
the
allow for selecting which is the middle
of the three as well as moving through
menu options using up and down presses
with the back button located on the left
the original pebble is surprisingly
thicker and considerably less attractive
than the much improved steel but it
still features the same four button
layout and has access to the same
incredible apps however pebble steel
also has an easier to read display
thanks to its new tricolor LED
technology it also looks significantly
better on the wrist now going more into
depth on the software aspect of Steel
when at the main screen the up and down
buttons allow for easy swapping of
installed watch faces which I'll get to
in a second the select button allows for
users to enter the smartwatches main
menu which features music controls
recent notifications alarms settings
followed by user installed apps for
instance I can now check the battery
level of pebble steel with this battery
life app I installed and I can even play
a basic I'll be a fun game on the watch
the settings menu is simple and
straightforward with a few minor options
for date and time notifications and the
display which has an awesome feature
that turns the backlight on with a
simple wrist flick as for apps that are
quite a few available in the new pebble
appstore and I'll detail that after a
couple of quick demos the Huebel app I
have installed allows for full control
of my philips hue smart lights directly
from my wrist so long as the pebble app
is open on my phone in the background
the phone can even be locked and pebble
steel can still act as a remote as for
the SmartWatch plus jailbreak app I have
installed it allows for more control
than the traditional App Store version
notifications come through in a
noticeable manner accompanied by an
unobtrusive vibration alert consuming
the entire display recent notifications
can be flipped through with simple up
and down presses with the jailbreak
addition of Smart Watch plus installed
it enables the watch to send default
messages to recent SMS and imessages
using customizable preset options and
now on to the App Store which is how
you'll obtain both watch faces and apps
the pebble app for iOS itself is
extremely clean and features three basic
portions one to manage pebble and the
other two to obtain watch faces and apps
like the
us App Store pebble apps are split into
categories and can be sorted by what
pebble calls quote most loved apps
installing an app is simple just tap Add
and if it has available room it will
auto install to the SmartWatch inside
the my pebble menu there are two
sections the top displays what's
currently installed the watch itself is
limited to a combination of eight
different watch faces and apps at any
given time and the bottom is the app
Locker which stores unused apps and
watch faces that can be loaded or
unloaded at a moment's notice another
cool thing about the pebble steel is
that it's completely waterproof up to 5
ATM which stands for atmospheres and is
the equivalent of 50 meters or about 165
feet so in summary the pebble steel
SmartWatch is the perfect companion for
iOS and Android devices it displays all
enable notifications on a smartphone or
tablet that it's connected to allowing
for obnoxious notification alerts to be
disabled entirely and for two hundred
and forty nine dollars one hundred
dollars more than the all plastic
original pebble the pebble steel is an
incredible upgrade largely in part
because of its sleek and timeless design
it's the one SmartWatch that actually
looks like a watch and less like a cheap
inferior generic plastic watch that you
can pick up at a drugstore for ten
dollars and now with the recent edition
of the pebble appstore the SmartWatch is
capable of a wide range of functions
such as controlling a smart TV philips
hue light bulbs the nest thermostat and
so much more aside from my iphone my
pebble steel is quickly becoming one of
my favorite useful portable tech devices
and that pretty much concludes this
unboxing and review video of the pebble
steel SmartWatch thanks for watching I
hope you guys liked it and don't forget
to enter my $100 amazon gift card
giveaway simply rate this video up and
leave a relevant comment down below in
the comment section once it's been
posted you'll be automatically entered
to win and to be updated more often such
as when I release new videos just be
sure to like me on Facebook and follow
me on Twitter and until next time this
is ICU signing out
you